# Allen Woodall
## Software Engineering
## Homework 8 
---
1. I think it's best to approach this with the knowledge that the examples in the book are only possible implementations of the process. The methodology is more fluid and can be adapted to different cases. 
2. I think it certainly can be. My project for example operates under the object-oriented paradigm but is also a spiral approach. I don't think the two are mutually exclusive they seem mutually supportive. 
3. The requirements workflow, the analysis workflow, the design worfklow, the implmentation workflow, and the test workflow are the five core phases. The requirements workflow at its core is about determining the client's needs and communicating them from their perspective. This can include gaining certain understandings/knowledge. The analysis workflow involves analyzing/refining the requirements and determining what is needed from the developer's perspective. The design workflow is when the developer determines how the software will do what is required of it. This involves refining the analysis to the point it is ready to be implemented. Next is the implementation phase in which the software is coded based on the design. Larger systems may be split into modules among parallel coding teams. The final workflow is for testing. Testing should be done throughout the process anyways. It can take many forms, both execution and non-execution testing. 
4. I think of the Software Project Management Plan as more of a written plan to the process. It shows who is assigned to what and when. It reminds me of a business plan somewhat. 
5. I don't think it's an inconsistency. There is a phase in which extensive testing is done but each individual phase ought to have testing as well. Mistakes will be made and things will be overlooked. Testing is necessary at each workflow to minimize error. 
6. I think this would just be designing the product and taking each step with the understanding that your software will be maintained post delivery. It's important to consider the lifespan of the product at every step and it's certainly better to plan ahead for this than to handle it when it comes. 
7. I think the prior method could benefit from the repeating iterations we discussed so they're mutually supportive. I like the way the book breaks down each phase into inception, elaboration, construction, and transition but it wouldn't hurt to do this in an iterative, spiral form. 
8. I think they would essentially be the same thing but 3.2a wouldn't display the movement through the workflow's phases. It'd be the same linear motion through the workflows just with different names (workflow vs. phases) but 3.2b would show the cascading through the 5 sort of subphases. 
9. Software process improvement is certainly important to Software Engineering. I think of it as improvement of the engineering process itself. Learning to make the process more efficient, repeatable, and reliable.