## Allen Woodall
## Software Engineering
## Homework 12

1.  The way I understand it is that an aspect is like a unique sort of class created to ensure decoupling.  It's created in the event that a concern can't be separated into separate modules. Instead of having coupled classes you can have an aspect which allows the code to be isolated.
2.  I would think the targeting would begin in the analysis phase if it was determined initially that a certain platform would be necessary. If it were to occur within the design phase I would think that it was not initially clear that a certain platform would be optimal or necessary, so in determining how the software would function, the developers decided it would function best as a mobile app for example. 
3. The Universal Windows Platform attempts to allow developers to create applications that adapt to a variety of Windows devices. Things like font and window size can be adjusted automatically to fit various size screens. Mouse and touch input can be treated the same and the format of the windows adjust to mobile and desktop environments. This is a noble pursuit. It would be great to be able to develop a program that works seamlessly across differing devices.
4. Though I have little experience with it, Visual Studio allows users to design/import components to avoid reinventing the wheel. It's easy to reference components which of course saves a lot of time and gives the developer access to countless powerful tools to create programs more efficiently and effectively. 
5. Infrastructure as a Service is the lowest level of the three services. It gives access to a cloud based server environment that can be used as a data center.  Platform as a Service would be like a subscription service to a cloud based Linux server.  There are many advantages such as: Would it be more cost effective/low-risk to have a small server in-house that your company personally keeps up, or to pay for access to a remote server (potentially submerged in cooling liquid) in a professional facility full of people trained to keep them up. This is dependent on the case but I think often (particularly with small businesses) it's likely a better choice to go with a remote solution. Software as a service comes with many of the same advantages. With the Google Suite vs Office Suite example, the company doesn't have to manage versions, keep track of licenses, worry about corruption, it's accesible from any PC with a web browser (And the google suite is free.) There is the question of security when your files are stored in a cloud based solution. This goes for each of the three services.  
6.  Attached
7. I feel that a simple procedure is simply to encrypt any sensitive data. Don't accept and store a password simply as a string, especially in a local file. 
8.  I found this article quite interesting. I don't have a lot of experience with databases but I have the knowledge to appreciate these concepts. It's interesting that many of these ideas were being proposed as early as 1970. I hadn't considered how long these systems have been developed. I feel like I have a newfound appreciation of the workings of databases. 